Define terms in documentation on first use, and refer back to definition when used in other documents (#1254)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/components/sharing-components.md

# Sharing NVIDIA NeMo Agent Toolkit Components

> Every NeMo Agent toolkit component is packaged inside of a NeMo Agent toolkit plugin and is designed to be sharable with the community of NeMo Agent toolkit  developers. [Functions](../build-workflows/functions-and-function-groups/functions.md) are by far the most common NeMo Agent toolkit component type. In fact, NeMo Agent components include all pieces that leverage a NeMo Agent toolkit registration decorator (e.g. `register_function`, `register_llm_client`, `register_evaluator`, etc.). This guide will discuss the requirements for developing registered components that can be shared, discovered, and integrated with any NeMo Agent toolkit application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every NeMo Agent toolkit component is packaged inside of a NeMo Agent toolkit plugin and is designed to be sharable with the community of NeMo Agent toolkit  developers. [Functions](../build-workflows/functions-and-function-groups/functions.md) are by far the most common NeMo Agent toolkit component type. In fact, NeMo Agent components include all pieces that leverage a NeMo Agent toolkit registration decorator (for example, `register_function`, `register_llm_client`, `register_evaluator`). This guide will discuss the requirements for developing registered components that can be shared, discovered, and integrated with any NeMo Agent toolkit application.
```
